Decimal Odds

English

LOGIN
REGISTER
ODDS COMPARISON
COMMUNITY
BOOKMAKERS

MY LEAGUES

HOME
NEXT MATCHES
DROPPING ODDS
SURE BETS
IN PLAY ODDS
ALL EVENTS
BETTING TOOLS
BETTING
FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
TENNIS
BASEBALL
HOCKEY
AMERICAN FOOTBALL
AUSSIE RULES
BADMINTON
BOXING
CRICKET
DARTS
ESPORTS
FLOORBALL
MORE
100% Welcome bonus up to €400
and 100 free spins
CLAIM
ウェルカムボーナス 100% 最高額20130 JPY
CLAIM
Welcome Package up to $2,500 Cash
CLAIM
Home
>
American Football
>
USA
>

UFL

UFL Betting Odds & Fixtures 
Next Matches
Outrights
Results
Standings
American football
/

USA

/
UFL
Tomorrow, 11 Apr
1
2

09:00

Louisville Kings

–

Orlando Storm

2.23

1.65

12 Apr 2026
1
2

01:00

DC Defenders

–

Houston Gamblers

1.33

3.34

13 Apr 2026
1
2

01:00

Dallas Renegades

–

Columbus Aviators

1.32

3.50

04:00

St. Louis BattleHawks

–

Birmingham Stallions

2.35

1.65

Add "UFL" to My Leagues
UFL Betting Odds, Schedule, Standings, Scores 2026

Unlock a new dimension to your betting experience with a complete guide to UFL betting odds, games, standings, and results on OddsPortal. Discover the best American football odds through comparisons, when your favourite UFL teams hit the field, real-time live scores, and in-depth historical data to sharpen your betting edge.

Check out all the tools and resources we have to offer that will elevate your UFL betting, supplying you first and foremost with optimal value, and complementing that with much more.

Get More from Your UFL Betting with Odds Comparisons, Markets and Bonus Offers

When looking to secure value bets on the UFL, every margin matters. Thanks to our comparisons of UFL odds from top-rated bookmakers in real-time, ensuring you lock in the best possible returns, you don't have to hunt and shop around for the value because we highlight it for you.

With us, you can access live UFL betting odds for pre-match and in-play markets, always pointing out the best prices for you across several different options. Ensuring you also get the very best sports betting offers to earn bonus funds for the UFL, OddsPortal has got you covered.

American Football Betting Markets on OddsPortal

Understanding the different UFL betting markets that we show you the odds for from our recommended online bookmakers is key to choosing the right bet, and these are some of the choices you will have available to you with our site

Moneyline: Pick the outright winner for UFL games, including overtime.
Spread: Wager on a team to win or not lose by a set number of points. For example, a team at +6.5 must lose by 6 or fewer points or win.
Over/Under: Predict whether the combined points scored will be above or below a set threshold, such as 48.5.
UFL Schedule 2026: UFL Games

Our platform enables you to stay informed with the UFL schedule for the 2026 season, adding every fixture, start time, and odds update as soon as the odds are made available for each game with online betting sites. The UFL season features fast-paced American football action with regular fixtures each week, and you can find the best odds for all of the games with us.

Whether there are UFL games today or upcoming this weekend, we will add them to the site as soon as we can to help you get ahead of any line changes or dropping odds with online bookmakers.

UFL Standings and Historical Data

A successful betting strategy is built on solid stats, which includes the table and long term progress of the season. Following the conclusion of each match, you can access up-to-date UFL standings, including division splits, win-loss records, points differentials, and streaks. This data arms you with the knowledge you need to spot trends and inform better bets.

With our UFL standings page you can find:

Current standings for every team in the league.
Historical data dating back over a decade.
How to use standings for your betting
Identify teams in form and those struggling.
Importance of home/away games for each team.

Utilise the UFL standings today for increased chances of winning your bets through informed wagering choices on the United Football League.

UFL Scores, Results and H2H Records

The recent and historical UFL results are critical for both pre-match and live betting decisions, and we make sure to add them with their closing odds from each game the second they finish.

This enables you to see the odds in which a team won or lost, while clicking on individual UFL scores will allow you to see greater detail in regards to other American football betting markets.

Moreover, by checking back on UFL results in previous seasons, you can clearly identify who performs best in head-to-head matchups, and where that might correspond to value in the upcoming games.

With OddsPortal, you won't just watch the score tick over; you'll see how historical results, injuries, and line-up news have shifted the market. Leverage the UFL results to your benefit today and enhance your winnings with our odds comparisons but also by picking out valuable betting opportunities.

UFL Live Scores and Odds

You can jump on shifting odds in real-time as well as pre-match with us, and that includes consuming UFL live scores too. Ensuring you don't miss a beat and always see when points are scored and the updated game state, we provide you with the UFL live scores immediately.

Similar, if not all of the pre-match markets remain available, while odds comparisons will also still be available for the UFL live. You can check out the in-play odds for all other sporting events alongside the UFL on our dedicated page today.

Discover Betting on the UFL and More

Comparing UFL odds is just the beginning, with plenty of other American football and other sporting events available with detailed statistics and odds on our site. By using our platform and signing up for free you can get amazing access to lots of major sports in addition to American football.

More American Football Betting Odds

You can explore and enjoy the best odds for many other American football leagues or tournaments, like the NFL, NCAA, and CFL thanks to our comprehensive coverage and price comparison for each of them.

Discover More Compared Odds, Tools and Resources with OddsPortal

Now you know how to find the best UFL betting odds, track live results, and make the most of every market. Don’t leave opportunities on the table elsewhere:

Start comparing: Use our site to discover the best American football odds in other tournaments throughout the US or worldwide.
Level up your knowledge: Dig into historical data and discover H2H records and previous tournament or league winners.
Act fast: Odds, especially in-play can swing quickly. So, be ready to place bets as soon as an edge appears with our site.
Claim your bonus: Unlock impressive sign-up offers and maximise your returns from the very first bet while wagering very little.

To gain an edge for more than just UFL betting, use OddsPortal today and get up-to-the-minute odds and fully optimised betting tools for all sports and competitions across the globe.

MY COUPON
0
No bets selected yet. To add a bet click the odds while browsing through OddsPortal!
Log in to save and share your coupons.
TOP EVENTS
Champions League
Conference League
Europa League
Premier League
LaLiga
Eredivisie
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
NBA
NFL
All events

FOOTBALL

Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
Europa League
Europa Conference League

TENNIS

ATP US Open
ATP French Open
ATP Wimbledon
ATP Australian Open
WTA US Open
WTA French Open
WTA Wimbledon
WTA Australian Open

BASKETBALL

NBA
NCAA
EuroLeague
Super Lig
LNB
Lega A
BBL
ACB

OTHER

NFL
NHL
MLB
Big Bash League
AFL
SHL
NPB
IPL

POPULAR NOW

Saudi Professional League
UEFA Nations League
World Championship 2026
EuroBasket
Eredivisie
Esports
Darts Premier League
Copa Libertadores

ODDSPORTAL

Terms of Use
Privacy policy
GDPR
FAQ
Contact
Impressum
Set privacy
Recommended sites
Bonus Offers
Bookmakers
News

PARTNERS

SoccerVista
Betexplorer
FCTables
Tribalfootball
ScoreBar
Gamble Responsibly.
Gambling Therapy. 18+
Please, gamble responsibly.
Data by
Copyright © 2008-2026 Oddsportal.com 
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 970 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting I Accept enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject All or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
X

We would love to get your opinion on your experience with our site with a short survey

Take Survey